Do not stop to correct your errors in these first tests but check them out.Work to correct your weaknesses. Practise


The beautiful scenic country of New Zealand is situated in the South Pacific to the east of Australia.


New Zealand consists of three main islands: North Island, South Island and the smaller Stewart Island.People travel between North and South Islands




NZ's East Coast has many stretches of white sand and rolling surf which attract NZ and overseas surfers. They are popular NZ family holiday places.




The beaches on the South Island West Coast have coarser black sand and much of its coastline and some of the East Coast is massive, touring cliffs.




New Zealand is a land of contrasts, which attract thousands of overseas tourists every year to climb, ski or snowboard our mountains, swim, fish or cruise on our lakes and rivers.




The hottest places in New Zealand are Kaitaia in the far north and Alexandra in Central Otago in




The South Island of New Zealand has a long range of mountains called The Southern Alps running north and south on the western side of the island. There is our highest, much climbed peak, Mount Cook.Between The Southern Alps and the West Coast




New Zealand is a very sport oriented country and sometimes hosts world events. Sports include tennis, golf, yachting, canoeing, cruising, cricket, soccer, rugby, basketball, netball, swimming, surf lifesaving, athletics, riding.




Watching events where they take place is fine but many can only watch at home as the event is screened on our TVs. New Zealand is proud too of our sporting participants who have entered and gained medals in many sporting events



New Zealand has many large attractive lakes in each island. In the mid-lower South Island, towards the west, there are Lakes Wanaka and Hawea at the south end of the Haast Pass, Lake Wakatipu with the tourist town of Queenstown, and Lakes Manapouri and Te Anau leading to Milford Sound and the majestic Mitre Peak.














