Nothing beats the feeling of having done more in twenty-four hours than what the day expected you to!You planned to do five tasks this morning.Ended up doing seven.With more productivity.
And far greater energy.That joy, that emotion, when you’ve exceeded your own self, is true achievement.Breaking your limits without even expecting to is the powerful way to see how much more you are capable of. Others’ success will generate massive self-doubt every morning when youget up. Get up anyway
..





Time goes away and leaves us with only one of these two things: regret or results.A year from now you will wish you had unfollowed emotionally draining people.A year from now you will wish you had said ‘no’ more often. A year from now you will wish you had said ‘yes’ to yourself more often.A year from now, you will never be sure of the results.But you can certainly be sure of regret, if you don’t start today.What is the single biggest thing you can do to help you towards professional success? People do not have to follow up, when you commit to doing something.That’s it.



If we exaggerate our problems, so will the world.If we are happy despite our problems, the world will help us get happier.While we (almost always) don’t choose our problems, we can always choose how to respond.When we rule ourselves, we can never be ruled by our problems.The biggest misconception people have is that they are the odd one out and everyone else is sorted!



We know ourselves through our thoughts.But we know others through their actions. That is true for others as well. They can’t read our thoughts. All they see is what we do.It does not matter what we say.What matters is what they see us doing.Commitments are nothing if not backed up with actions





If you start creating content, you have greater chances of it being shared by your dream celebrity. If you say hello to every stranger, you
have greater chances of finding your dream partner. If you send cold emails every day, you have greater chances of getting your dream job! Your actions decide your luck. So does your lack of actions. Luck isn’t really good fortune. Luck is what eventually happens when your hard work yields results

