Don’t measure how valuable you are by the way you are treated.The world is going to treat you how it wishes to treat you.You don’t control that. You only get to choose who you listen to. If you measure your worth by those who don’t treat you well, you are choosing to do so.There is someone out there who values you.Starting with your own self


Doing the same thing over and over years does not make you gain experience in those years. Doing different things,things out of your comfort zone, to stay curious, to never rest on your laurels, to expand what you know – these truly sum up experience. Living as a template because it’s comfortable isn’t experience. It is choosing to not have experience. The only template you need to follow is learning how to bulge out of your comfort zone. That’s it! Every other template is a prison cell designed to make your life harder in the name of comfort.

Don’t place the burden on one person to be your mentor.Have multiple mentors for different aspects of your life.Don’t think of mentors as only those who are much older and experienced.The ones who have recently gone through, or are going through what you are going through, might have a lot more to offer in terms of perspective. When you pick mentors who are way beyond your level of expertise, you might miss out on a lot. The things that you seek are so obvious to them they won’t even realize you need an explanation! 


When you pick mentors who are the same age and experience band as yours, they understand your problems. They highlight your issues. And offer suggestions based on what they wish they had. Not what they will become ten years hence. Different life aspects. Different mentors. At the same time. Mostly, who have recently gone through what you are going through. Most people treat picking mentors as picking sandwiches at your nearby Michelin Star-rated restaurant. Picking them because they have been in place for the last ten years.
Picking mentors truly is like picking your Subway sandwich. You get to decide everything.

Passion is not something that makes you M.F. Hussain or A.R. Rahman or Sachin Tendulkar on Day 1.Passion is that tiny inner nudge to paint, compose music or play cricket – the nudge that refuses to leave you, till the time you nurture it daily.Passion is persistence, because that is the reason you are still in it despite all the reasons to quit. Passion is showing up to do the work, no matter how good you’re at it already.Passion is signing up for hard work, because not choosing it would be harder
...

No one sees the multiple failures before that one ‘huge success’. No one sees how you overcame your habits and systems despite having ‘failed’, because they focus on the end result, that you failed.What you become during the process of success and failure is what’s most important.No one else would see it. Only you would.So be it, because that is your true life. Success or failure happened as a result. What you did and who you became was your life in true essence.‘Success and failure’ were merely outputs. What you carry in your heart to reach that destination is conclusive.

It is going to be scary and uncomfortable walking your own path. Guess what’s even more scary? To walk by the path that everyone walks on, only to realize you never wanted to walk on that path. It is indeed a lot of resistance to break the chains of convention and do your own thing. However, it saves you from a ton of inner resistance for the rest of your life – allowing for the path you could take, the regrets you could avoid, and the joy you could accomplish. Just by doing the unconventional and resisting the obvious


A résumé is such an interesting document. It is a showcase of all the great things you have done, accomplished and are proud of. But it never talks about how you reached there.The failures that got you there. My life is so much more about my failures than any of the little things I have managed to accomplish. For the first six years of his life, Vidur used to draw the family with me holding a phone in my hand. That is how he remembered his father.My parents didn’t hear from me for days, because I was busy. Trying to make amends around my other failures in life, not realizing that through this I was carving out yet another failure. My investors and colleagues trusted me, with their money, their careers, their time. And I failed to keep their trust intact. I played with their money, their careers, their trust.Always hoping that I could do something to redeem myself and get it all back.But it didn’t happen


The secret is not merely waking up early. Any alarm clock could do that for you.The secret is to be energized, happy and productive in the morning.Nothing could ensure this other than sleeping on time. Otherwise, what’s the use of waking up early and feeling groggy and eventually hating yourself? Waking up early fizzles out, sleeping on time is what flourishes.

